proto: add ConfigSettings fields. (#15616)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse: proto/README.md

Note that they [changed the versioning scheme](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/news/2022-05-06#versioning) and went from `3.20.1` to `4.21.0`. Making it more confusing, in `brew` and Github, `4.21.x` is shown as `v21.x`.

> 1. Install the proto compiler with `brew install protobuf`, or something [like this](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/blob/9fd45c5e2b92e3b1f10b642ea631dd5a9598f5ee/.github/workflows/unit.yml#L32-L45).  You may also want to use miniconda to sandbox the python changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the proto compiler with `brew install protobuf`, or something [like this](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/blob/9fd45c5e2b92e3b1f10b642ea631dd5a9598f5ee/.github/workflows/unit.yml#L32-L45). Note: it's a good idea to [use a virtual environment](https://realpython.com/python-virtual-environments-a-primer/) rather than installing it globally
```
